Info in this section gathered from https://www.biography.com/scientist/dorothy-johnson-vaughan 

  Dorothy Johnson Vaughan was originally a math teacher, until she was hired at NASA. at NASA, Dorothy Vaughan worked with leading computer experts, beoming an expert in the FORTRAN programming language, which is still used today. She also worked on the SCOUT mission, which sent satellites into space.
   She was born in Kansas City, Missouri 9/20/9010.  In 1925, she graduated from Beechurst High school and recieved a Bachelor of science degree from Wilberforce University in Ohio. She got married to Howard Vaughan in 1932.
   Her career in mathematics started at Robert Russa Moton High school in Farmville, Virginia from 1932 to 1943. From there, she was enployed as a mathmatician at the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (the predecessor agency to NASA), thinking it would be a temporary job. Even though they hired her, the work enviorment at NACA was still segregated. Dorothy was assigned to work at the “West Area Computing” unit. Her job was to calculate mathematical computations for engineers. From there, she got the promotion of manager of the West Area Computers. With this job, Dorothy collaborated with well-known computer operators through many projects. 
   When NACA changed to NASA, they stopped segregating their work enviornment. As a result, Dorothy became a part of the new analysis and Computation division, allowing for her to become an expert FORTRAN programmer. Along with that, she worked on the SCOUT program, which sent sattilites into orbit.
   Sadly, she never recieved another role at NASA, so she retired in 1971. Towards the end of her career, she worked close with NASA mathmetitions  Katherine G. Johnson and Mary Jackson to launch the astronaut John Glenn into orbit. She died on 11/10/2008, with her legacy and story thanfully being remembered in disney's 2016 film "Hidden Firgures".
